docs: Update README.md (#2154)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: README.md

<img src="./readme-static-files/logo.png" width="1200">

> [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- You're the author of a containerized service or distributed application and you want to give your users a one-liner to try it
- You want to get an instance of your application running in the cloud without provisioning or administering a Kubernetes cluster

Check out an introductory demo video here:

<video width="630" height="300" src="https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/assets/11703004/f908aa4a-b340-44c8-b948-46993dcdb96e"></video>

How do I get going?
===================

> To see Kurtosis in action, the easiest way is to visit Kurtosis Cloud to start building in a [remote sandbox for free]([url](https://cloud.kurtosis.com/)). If you’d like to run locally with a CLI, install it using the [instructions here]([url](https://docs.kurtosis.com/install/)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see Kurtosis in action, the easiest way is to [install the CLI](https://docs.kurtosis.com/install/) and go through the [quickstart](https://docs.kurtosis.com/quickstart). 
```

> On Kurtosis Cloud, you can upload your own docker compose file with a github locator, or start with one of our popular packages from [the catalog]([url](https://catalog.kurtosis.com/)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Kurtosis Cloud, you can start with one of the popular packages from [the catalog]([url](https://catalog.kurtosis.com/)). 
```
